README.md, before:

# EPIC8
An epic CHIP-8 emulator.

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8fcc1e9b-3818-4cdb-a28e-f5b51d815902  

CHIP-8 is an interpreted programming language that a piece of software can execute by emulating computer hardware for CHIP-8 programs to use. That piece of software, once fully functional, can run loads of cool games and apps.

This is a project that I really enjoy working on. I witnessed firsthand the importance of writing simple, sensible, documented, and overall beautiful code, and it was exciting to see it all come together elegantly. I also uncovered a lot of the magic behind how computers run, and it’s quite crazy!

## How to Run
1. Install the .NET SDK if not already installed
2. Clone the repo
3. Run the "dotnet run" command with the path to a CHIP-8 program (see demo)

## Compatibility
- Only the IBM Logo program at this point (https://github.com/loktar00/chip8/blob/master/roms/IBM%20Logo.ch8)

## Achievements
- Run the IBM Logo program

## To-Do
- Implement a GUI
- Implement the rest of the instructions
- Add unit testing

## Credits
- Tobias V. Langhoff for the CHIP-8 high-level guide (https://tobiasvl.github.io/blog/write-a-chip-8-emulator/)

Commit message:

Added background and skills used to README.md

README.md, after:

# EPIC8
An epic CHIP-8 emulator.

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8fcc1e9b-3818-4cdb-a28e-f5b51d815902  

## Background
CHIP-8 is an interpreted programming language that a piece of software can execute by emulating computer hardware for CHIP-8 programs to use. That piece of software, once fully functional, can run loads of cool games and apps.

This is a project that I really enjoy working on. Video games, especially the revolutionary PlayStation 2 graphics, is a big reason why technology was intereting to me since I was a child. I always wanted to help with the exciting, creative innovations that comes from games and and video game systems, which has given me and many more people great joy. Now, after lots of efforts, I can finally do that!

Of course, CHIP-8 is pretty much the "Hello World" of video game emulation, but it has given me a solid introduction such that I can move to bigger and better things like a GameBoy emulator, SNES emulator, PlayStation emulator, or my own system!

I hope you enjoy it as much as I did!

## What Did I Do?
- Emulated a processor, memory, GPU, display, subroutine stack, and hardware timer
- Documented every class and function extensively
- Kept code as simple and sensible as possible
- Had fun and made something fun!

I witnessed firsthand the importance of writing simple, sensible, documented, and overall beautiful code, and it was exciting to see it all come together elegantly. I also uncovered a lot of the magic behind how computers run, and it’s quite crazy!

## How to Run
1. Install the .NET SDK if not already installed
2. Clone the repo
3. Run the "dotnet run" command with the path to a CHIP-8 program (see demo)

## Compatibility
- Only the IBM Logo program at this point (https://github.com/loktar00/chip8/blob/master/roms/IBM%20Logo.ch8)

## Achievements
- Run the IBM Logo program

## To-Do
- Implement a GUI
- Implement the rest of the instructions
- Add unit testing

## Technologies and Skills Used
- C#
- Object-Oriented Programming
- Computer Architecture
- Concurrency

## Credits
- Tobias V. Langhoff for the CHIP-8 high-level guide (https://tobiasvl.github.io/blog/write-a-chip-8-emulator/)
